---
title: Jack Ma's Speech in Newcastle University
category: Essay
---

## Jack Ma's Speech in Newcastle University

Dear premier, chancellor, vice chancellor and Morley's family, teachers and students, distinguished guests:

　　I'm really honor that I do not expect so many people coming here and thank you so much.

　　In the past 32 years, this is my third trip to Newcastle.My first trip coming here was when I was 21 years old. I just entered the university and I got the invitation from Ken Morley. He said Jack, came to Australia for a summer vacation. I never thought I could be able to leave China to visit another country. So he's being telling me say that Jack, try it. Try it. Maybe you can get the passport.

　　Nobody can get a passport at that times in China. So I say, why not have a try. It took me like half a year to get the passport. And then after I got the passport I thought I could come out to Australia.

　　They said you need a visa. So I went to the Shanghai Australia consulate. And they said you had to get a visa in Beijing. It was very expensive for me to go to Beijing. But I thought why not have a try. So I went to Beijing by train.

　　I went to Beijing applying for a visa, but was rejected for almost 9 times. I stayed in a hotel underground.

　　The final chance, that was the day I said, well, this is the NO.10 time I went into the embassy. I should apply for the visa. And I went into the embassy. I saw a guy. And I said this is my last chance. I have been here in the past week for 9 times rejected. I hope this time I can get my visa. So he said why you want to go to Australia. I said my friend invited me. He said we can not give you visa. We can only give visa to Chinese people if you have relatives there, if you sent by government or if you wanna go there to study. And at that time there is no visa for travelling. And I said how I met Ken Morley, how I met David. And then Ken went through some politicians in New South Wales, sent a message telegraph to the embassy. So the guy said you really want it? I said yes, of course. He said I gave you it within 5 minutes. So I got the visa. This is something I learn: never give up, even you know, try and try...

　　My trip coming to Australia really changed me , which was such a big change I can't never imagine. I'm 100% percent made in China. And everything I learn is taught by students, by my teachers and parents that China is the richest country in the world. We are supposed to liberate the world. We are supposed to help the poor countries around outside China. But when I arrived  in Australia, Wow, I think. China need to be liberated. And so many things I learned: the ideas, the city designs, the educations and Everything.

　　I stayed in Newcastle, New Lambton for 29 days. That 29 days I think was so critical in my life. Then I decided to go back China. The next 10 years every time I think about we China have to change, we have to open our mind, we have to look at things in a different way. So this is what I know about Australia. That was year 1985. I start to know about Newcastle university since 1985 but I have never been. This is my first time being in this university.

　　Ken morley he has never been educated in university but he always talks to me about the Newcastle university. I don't know why. But this is something I say I should do something for him when I grow up when I really someday... You know I'm lucky enough, being successful. I should do something for Newcastle university. This is what ken morley always talks about.

　　The way being debating, Ken and I debates. Everytime we met, we debated a lot. And he said Jack you are crazy, why you think in this way, in that way... But the word 'crazy' is used in Australia's word. Forgive me for using that word. He said Jack, you are bullshit. But even that, no matter how he said Jack, you are bullshit, he always supports me. And he knows that the way I talk, the way I do is so different. He always supports me with great curiosity and kindness.

　　And I really learn one thing that all the things you learn from the books, all the things that you learn from the other people, your parents may not be true. The world is so interesting. The world is so unique. You have to go, experience yourself. You have to use your own mind to think. So when I went back to China, I become a different Jack Ma. A Jack Ma which stands in front of you.

　　Without that 29 days, I will never think like today; (I will think) like most Chinese people. So this is also the reason why my wife and I decide that we should do a Ma-Morley scholarship, to support and help more young people in Australia and everyone in the world that they can look at the world themselves, experience and think using their own brains. So I would like to take this opportunity to thank Ken Morley and really thank Ken Morley and his family for helping me, for supporting me, for understanding me. For 30 years, the past 30 years, I'm always living a life with great thanks. And because of this friendship, because of this thanks, I hope one day I can become a person like Ken Morley to give help and support to young people he never even know. Just like we met on the street. And this is something that I could do... I think I can do more. I can continue doing it in all my life.

　　You know, I was trained to be a teacher. I taught in the university for 6 years. Now I am working in the business world. I call myself CEO -- Chief Education Officer. So I spend a lot of time sharing my experience whether people like me, agree with me. I'm OK with people who disagree with me. But I always want to say this is what I believe, this is what I see, this is what I experience. I want to share with people. And also in China I have a Jack Ma foundation supporting every year more than 100 teachers in the rural areas because in China we got more than 60 million poor kids living in the rural areas. We think we should also find a way to support these guys.

　　So Newcastle scholarship is the third scholarship I have after my HangZhou teacher college. This is the university I graduated from. I considerd Newcastle as my second hometown.

　　And I believe that in the past, the world is driven by the knowledge. In the future, the world is gonna driven by the wisdom. The human beings and the machine beings is going to have big competition. But in the future, the human being will win the world. Human being will win the machine because the wisdom, not only knowledge. Knowledge you can learn from the schools from the books but wisdom you can only learn by experiences.

　　And I think Ken Morley is a person with great wisdoms. And also I hope this scholarship focus on the future. Focus on the things in life that we learns outside the books and schools. And I hope we can not only give students the economic support that they need during the schools. We hope to support the students to leave the schools, leave the universities, leave the country to experience the world. And to join in both the countryside and the international communication to have the global views and sense. 

　　And I believe that in this world, if you want to be successful, you should have EQ. But if you do not want to fail, you should have IQ. But if you want to be respected, you should have LQ, the Q of Love. It is very important, the care for others.

　　I hope all the students around there can remember the EQ, IQ and LQ. And this is how I learnt from Ken Morley during our debate. And also we think this scholarship is trying to help more people. And we know that in this world we do need more smart people. But we need more people who are responsibilities. We want to find those people who want to take the responsibility for the community, for the country and for the world. And we hope that all the students updated by the Ma-Morley scholarship you are an embassador. You are not an embassador of Jack Ma and Ken Morley. You are the embassador of responsibility, courage and wisdoms.

　　So it is my great great honor to be able to set up this scholarship and together put my name with Morley. And I feel honor compared to Morley. I think I should have done much better and I will continue to improve myself and continue to do more things just like Ken Morley did. And also I really want to say thank you Newcastle university for all the great efforts putting in that. Setting a scholarship is easy but continue to do it, to improve it, to select support young people is hard. This is not easy. So thank you so much for your great efforts. And I hope let me know anything I can improve. And I have talked to the chancellor and the prisident that every 5 years I will personally get involved and review how we can continue to do better and continue to do it long lasting.

　　My foundation and Newcastle share the same value. And we are very extremely excited, happy about this university supporting the original culture. The dance was amazing and I hope we can continue to do it. And equality and social justice, excellence, engagement, innovation, integrity and sustainability -- all these values are shared together. And all these values are I and Mr.Ken Morley his family sharing in the past 30 years. And let's work on together and help more young people. Thank you so much. It's my great honor. It's really a historical day of my life. Thank you so much.